docs: add troubleshooting section for PZM rules (#122)
SpecterOps/bloodhound-docs: docs/analyze-data/privilege-zones/rules.mdx

    </Tabs>
  </Step>
</Steps>

## Troubleshoot missing objects

If a rule doesn't show expected objects or appears empty, consider the following common causes:

### Domain filter mismatch

The **Domain** selector filters which objects are visible in the zone or label view. If the selected domain doesn't contain objects that match your rule criteria, the zone or label may appear empty or incomplete.

**Solution**: Check the domain selector and ensure you've selected the correct domain(s) that contain the expected objects.

### Zone precedence conflicts

> When an object matches rules in multiple zones, only the highest-priority zone in your [**Zone Order**](/analyze-data/privilege-zones/zones) claims that object. Lower-priority zones won't display the object, even if their rules match.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an object matches rules in multiple zones, only the highest-priority zone in your [**Zone Order**](/analyze-data/privilege-zones/zones) tags that object. Lower-priority zones won't tag the object, even if their rules match.
```
